pages/developers/operators/start/quick-start.mdx, before:

import { Steps, Tabs } from 'nextra/components';

# Download & Install the Xone Chain Full Node Binary and Configuration

<Steps>
### 1. Prerequisites

* A Linux server (Ubuntu 22.04+ recommended)
* `wget` and `unzip` installed
* `sudo` privileges


### 2. Download the Latest Binary and Config Bundle

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Change to a temporary directory
cd /tmp

# Download the Xone Chain node binary (example version v1.0.1)
wget https://xone-mainnet-files.s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/xoned-v1.0.1-linux-amd64

# Download the official configuration template
wget https://xone-mainnet-files.s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/config.zip
```

> **Tip**: Optionally verify the SHA256 checksum to ensure the files haven’t been tampered with.


### 3. Install the Binary

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Rename the executable
mv xoned-v1.0.1-linux-amd64 xoned

# Make it executable
chmod +x xoned

# Move it into your system’s PATH
sudo mv xoned /usr/bin/xoned
```


### 4. Initialize the Data Directory

<Tabs items={['Mainnet', 'Testnet']} defaultValue="Mainnet">
  <Tabs.Tab>
  ```bash showLineNumbers copy
  # Initialize your node’s data directory (defaults to ~/.xone)
  xoned init mynode --chain-id xone_3721-1
  ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  ```bash showLineNumbers copy
  # Initialize your node’s data directory (defaults to ~/.xone)
  xoned init xoned --chain-id xone_33772211-1
  ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
</Tabs>


* `mynode` can be replaced with your preferred directory name
* This creates a `~/.xone` folder in your home directory. If you want to specify a custom directory, add the --home flag after the xoned init command.


### 5. Apply the Official Configuration

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Unzip the config bundle
unzip config.zip -d ./config

# Backup your existing config (in case you need to revert)
cp -r ~/.xone/config ~/.xone/config.bak

# Overwrite genesis.json, config.toml, and app.toml
cp config/genesis.json  ~/.xone/config/genesis.json
cp config/config.toml   ~/.xone/config/config.toml
cp config/app.toml      ~/.xone/config/app.toml
```

> **Note**
>
> * Ensure `~/.xone/config` contains only the official or intentionally customized files—remove any extras.
> * If you need to tweak settings (RPC ports, firewall rules, etc.), edit the files under `config/` first, then copy them over.


### 6. Start the Node and Begin Syncing

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Launch the node (use systemd or tmux/screen for background operation)
xoned start --home ~/.xone
```


### 7. Verify Sync Status

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Check sync info (latest block height, catching up status)
xoned status --home ~/.xone --node http://127.0.0.1:26657 | jq .SyncInfo

```

</Steps>

Commit message:

Update quick-start.mdx: download latest binary

pages/developers/operators/start/quick-start.mdx, after:

import { Steps, Tabs } from 'nextra/components';

# Download & Install the Xone Chain Full Node Binary and Configuration

<Steps>
### 1. Prerequisites

* A Linux server (Ubuntu 22.04+ recommended)
* `wget` and `unzip` installed
* `sudo` privileges


### 2. Download the Latest Binary and Config Bundle

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Change to a temporary directory
cd /tmp

# Download the latest Xone Chain node binary
VERSION=$(curl -s https://xone-mainnet-files.s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/latest-version.txt)
wget -O xoned-${VERSION}-linux-amd64 https://xone-mainnet-files.s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/xoned-${VERSION}-linux-amd64

# Download the official configuration template
wget https://xone-mainnet-files.s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/config.zip
```

> **Tip**: Optionally verify the SHA256 checksum to ensure the files haven’t been tampered with.


### 3. Install the Binary

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Rename the executable
# NOTE: Replace the version number below (v1.0.1) with the actual version you just downloaded.
# For example, if you downloaded xoned-v1.0.3-linux-amd64, run:
# mv xoned-v1.0.3-linux-amd64 xoned
mv xoned-v1.0.1-linux-amd64 xoned

# Make it executable
chmod +x xoned

# Move it into your system’s PATH
sudo mv xoned /usr/bin/xoned
```


### 4. Initialize the Data Directory

<Tabs items={['Mainnet', 'Testnet']} defaultValue="Mainnet">
  <Tabs.Tab>
  ```bash showLineNumbers copy
  # Initialize your node’s data directory (defaults to ~/.xone)
  xoned init mynode --chain-id xone_3721-1
  ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
  <Tabs.Tab>
  ```bash showLineNumbers copy
  # Initialize your node’s data directory (defaults to ~/.xone)
  xoned init xoned --chain-id xone_33772211-1
  ```
  </Tabs.Tab>
</Tabs>


* `mynode` can be replaced with your preferred directory name
* This creates a `~/.xone` folder in your home directory. If you want to specify a custom directory, add the --home flag after the xoned init command.


### 5. Apply the Official Configuration

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Unzip the config bundle
unzip config.zip -d ./config

# Backup your existing config (in case you need to revert)
cp -r ~/.xone/config ~/.xone/config.bak

# Overwrite genesis.json, config.toml, and app.toml
cp config/genesis.json  ~/.xone/config/genesis.json
cp config/config.toml   ~/.xone/config/config.toml
cp config/app.toml      ~/.xone/config/app.toml
```

> **Note**
>
> * Ensure `~/.xone/config` contains only the official or intentionally customized files—remove any extras.
> * If you need to tweak settings (RPC ports, firewall rules, etc.), edit the files under `config/` first, then copy them over.


### 6. Start the Node and Begin Syncing

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Launch the node (use systemd or tmux/screen for background operation)
xoned start --home ~/.xone
```


### 7. Verify Sync Status

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Check sync info (latest block height, catching up status)
xoned status --home ~/.xone --node http://127.0.0.1:26657 | jq .SyncInfo

```

</Steps>
